Welcome, welcome to the Master Guide.
This is gonna be the prerecorded section
inside of the community.
And this is gonna be one of the most important things
because we're gonna go over a lot of different things.
And the thing that's gonna separate those
who end up succeeding and those that don't, are the people
that do everything we recommend
and actually watch all of this.
Now, before I get started,
the number one thing I'm gonna recommend is
that realistically, I guarantee you right now
that the people that will have successful YouTube channels
that will make money, good income with this,
are gonna be the people
who are watching this whole thing probably twice
or maybe multiple modules a few times at the very least,
and people that are taking notes,
whether it's on a Google Docs,
whether you're physically writing it down,
I think physically writing down is the best.
But pretty much everything I'm gonna be going over is at the
top here, 20 different sections.
And each of these sections, I'm gonna go as in depth
as possible, as if I'm explaining things to a 5-year-old,
as if I'm explaining something to somebody
who doesn't even know what YouTube is.
That's kind of the goal here. So even if you do know a
little bit, it's still good to go through everything.
And even if you don't go through this a few times
or some of the modules a few times, at least take notes,
please, I promise it will help you more
than you could ever guess.
Now, you might see a few
of these things at the top are highlighted
like yellow or gold.
That is pretty much sections that are meant
for the inner circle only if you're in the inner circle,
of course, you know what that is.
If you're not, it's pretty much an extension
of this program, which is the AI YouTube gateway.
And you just pretty much get personalized things like, uh,
very personalized stuff, like a personalized roadmap.
You're getting one-on-one calls, you're getting, um,
more group sessions, stuff like that.
So this community in itself is very, very effective.
The inner circle is just the people that need kind
of their, the community as a whole.
The AI YouTube gateway in itself is very, very useful.
However, the inner circle, we're just gonna hold your hand
and it's gonna be as if I, ADA,
any other coaches are actually running the channels with you
or really, really being there
and guiding you, very personalized.
But inside of this community,
you're still getting one weekly call.
You're getting all this prerecorded material,
getting the community access.
It's important to realize this is
not a get rich quick scheme.
I'm not gonna build your channel for you.
I'm not gonna pick your niche for you
because niches are changing every day.
A niche become viable in an hour from now
that if I posted the video right now, it wouldn't blow up,
but in an hour from now it would.
Or same thing, if I posted a video right now,
I'd still be in a niche that's good.
Uh, but an hour from now if I posted it,
that niche already is now kind of closed off
and YouTube won't give any more impressions.
And if anything I'm saying right now is confusing,
don't even worry about it because you should be watching,
um, least twice is what I would recommend.
And we're gonna go over all of that stuff.
So this is pretty much the welcome module.
You're not gonna really learn anything here.
You might even get, hear some confusing words here, uh,
if you're, you're a complete beginner,
but regardless, everything
that you actually learn is gonna start from the second
module to, we're gonna go over the algorithm,
but this first module is super, super important for you, um,
to watch because you're gonna learn about the community,
you're gonna learn about YouTube itself,
how YouTube makes money, how they pay out creators.
So the one thing I really wanna preface
before I really start going over anything is
that I assume if you're watching this, you want this
to be some sort of income.
Otherwise, you know, why, why are you here?
It doesn't make sense. You want YouTube
to be paying you money, whether it's some side income on
top, top of your job,
or whether you want it to be your main income
or whether you want it to start as your side income
and then eventually replace and become your main income.
You should be going through everything
and taking this seriously.
The way the world works is college is
meant to be the easy route, right?
If you're already in, went to college
or you're in college, that's fine.
If you wanna become an entrepreneur, the truth is,
at the end of the day, and what's super important
to understand is that running a YouTube
channel is a business.
You are self-employed. You'll be paying, uh,
taxes to the government, right?
With a normal job, you know, you're kind
of given instructions, you're given tasks on what
to do specifically, right?
If I were to hire a team for my channel,
I would hire somebody, um, to edit the video.
I would hire someone to do the thumbnail, things like that,
where they're, these people are given
instructions at the end of the day.
It's the same thing as running a taco shop.
It's the same thing as running a
bowling alley, something like that.
You're owning a business and whether you have employees
or whether you're using AI or a mix of two, at the end
of the day, everything is up to you.
And this is actually going to be the harder rally.
It's not gonna be easier than going to college.
It's gonna take a lot less time, right?
Going to college and getting a job, it could take four years
to go to college, maybe more.
Uh, you have to go through a bunch of different interviews.
Maybe it'll take years to get the position you wanna be in.
But realistically, with this, if you put your all into this
and you're putting all your time outta this,
you could do this in two or three months.
Realistically, even if it took six
or eight months, it would be less time than it
would take for you to go through college.
All this. And the biggest bonus is
that you have time freedom to
work whatever hours of the day.
You could work whichever days of the week you want.
You could take vacations whenever you want.
So you make your own hours, you can
work at whatever times of the day.
Like, I literally work a lot of days from like 6:00 PM
to 12:00 AM and the rest of the day I'm doing nothing.
So this is the biggest thing, that you could do this in
a very quick amount of time.
You could do this really any hours of the day.
Take whatever vacations you want.
And another thing is, is trust me,
like being in a penthouse like this,
or right now, like I drive a McLaren five 70 s like I would,
I would not be able to afford something like that,
especially at my age, working in nine to five job, right?
Anybody that you see that's like, you know,
online in a penthouse or in a mansion,
or has this car, this car, none
of them are working nine to five jobs.
That's just the truth of the matter.
Or at least it's very rare to work a nine
to five job that can pay that much.
So pretty much what I'm saying is
that the income amount is uncapped.
Like, yes, some people might make a thousand,
2000 a month from YouTube,
but I personally know, like even in the city I live in,
like I have friends who I go to their house
and they're showing me like their one channel
that's made a million dollars in the last 30 days.
Completely outrageous.
And I personally have not made anywhere near
that much in my, in my life.
The most I've made in a month in my life is like $160,000,
which of course is still great comparisons to few joy.
I'm very happy about that. But I'm just trying to show
that it's very end cap.
There's some people making thousands,
some people at my range,
some people making a million just from one channel.
So you might be asking, well, why doesn't everybody do this?
Well, why are people going through college?
And the reason is, is
because even though college takes longer
and all this, it's easier.
You're laid out exactly what to do.
Do this homework assignment, do this test,
do this, interview this.
And then once you have the job,
here's your tasks for the week.
Here are your hours, right? It's like it takes more time.
And like I said, this, you can do it quicker.
You can make unlimited amount of money pretty much,
and you can work your own hours work,
uh, whatever days you want.
It's harder just
because you have to hold yourself
to the standard that you want.
Because the other route,
somebody will literally be knocking at your door,
sending you emails, is your professor will be like, uh,
you know, submit this
or tell you when stuff needs to be done going this route.
The reason people don't do it,
and the reason people don't succeed is
because you're used to your
whole life being told what to do.
So when nobody's knocking at your door
and you have to knock on your own door,
you gotta realize that it's really important.
If you wanna start being an entrepreneur, you gotta realize
that you're knocking on your own door.
Nobody else is gonna come.
At the end of the day, even the people closest to you,
they're gonna care more about your success than their own.
Even people that are charitable, whatnot.
Um, you know, nobody's gonna sit around.
Your best buddy's not gonna build your YouTube
channel for you and give it to you.
You know what I mean? If they would do it for themselves,
um, because they need to live too.
Um, and that's not a selfish thing.
I can make it sound like it the way I'm putting
it, but this is just the truth.
Um, and that's why this is harder.
Nobody will ever come knocking at your door.
Nobody's gonna hold you to the standard
or to be where you want to be except for yourself.
That's the sole reason really as to, uh,
why people don't do this or why people give up.
They're like, you know, even though the other way, you know,
I'd make less money, I don't have freedom.
At least I know exactly what I'm gonna have to do.
'cause I'm gonna be told what I have to do
and I won't have to be like, what's my vacation days?
That's kind of my little yap session
before we get into this little welcome part, uh,
because this stuff is important.
So let's actually get started with the
material away from my yap.
But that's important to listen to.
Number one, we are finally getting started
and you should be hyped and you better have some sort
of Google doc, some sort of notepad.
And if you're like, ah, I don't feel like it, if you pay
to be here and watch this, at least you know, listen to
what you're being told to do.
If, if I'm telling you, it's gonna help you learn.
Trust me, when I learned I did this
and I, I've been running this community
for almost two years now with a Dave.
And the reason that's a really good thing is
because I've talked to enough people to
where I see patterns, I see exactly who's gonna succeed
and who's not immediately.
The one thing I can tell you, take notes.
If that sounds harsh, that's fine. I wanna be harsh.
I want more people in here to succeed
because at the end of the day,
it makes me feel good If you succeed, it makes me feel good.
Now that you're here, you've already paid,
like I really want anybody watching this to succeed.
If you actually put faith in me to teach you,
that's all I could ever ask for.
Simply all I ask is really try and learn here.
And if we give you advice, if Avi gives you advice,
if I give you advice, if any other coaches give you advice,
please take it and please take it seriously
and don't kind of just throw it to the side.
So now that every single person watching this is taking
notes or is ready to take notes, um, let's go into this.
So how this course works. So
Pretty much, much this guide is structured
to take you from zero to running profitable,
automated YouTube channels.
Every module builds on the
previous one, so follow them in order.
If you skip through, you skip a part of the section,
you might miss something
because we might go back to what I talked about earlier.
Um, so you gotta watch this every single second in order
from one to two, to three, to
however many total seconds are in this.
Uh, but it's gonna be long, it's gonna be worth it.
Once you watch everything, you're gonna have a crazy,
crazy understanding on how all this works.
The core structure we have the ai YouTube gateway,
that's the foundation content, everything you need to start
and monetize your first channel.
And if you've monetized channels before, then monetize more
and quicker and more efficiently.
We have the bunker inner circle, which I already mentioned,
everything in the foundation plus all the advanced
automation tools methods.
We're gonna give out some SOPs, things like that.
Just some templates for things, stuff like that.
Just some little extras.
An easy way to put it is the ai YouTube gateway
is the foundation.
The inner circle is gonna get extra templates,
extra resources, and just more one-on-one attention
what success looks like using the methods in this course.
The average monetization time drops from six plus months
to approximately two or three months.
But this only works if you execute consistently
and don't have asset.
And I kind of already talked,
gave a little motivational speech
before, so I won't give you another one here.
Every stop now, I'm gonna try and, uh, go through this,
but yeah, you can expect to get monetized in two
to three months if you're actually treating this like a
full-time thing and not like a get rich quick scheme.
If you're using ai, your videos can take 15 to 20 minutes
to make, and we're gonna teach you how to run videos
with ai without AI in a mix of the two at this point.
And moving forward, we're probably only gonna be focusing on
AI content, meaning, uh,
AI is used at least somewhere in the process,
even if it's just for the script or just for the title.
Um, at this point, running a YouTube channel
and being like, oh, I hate ai,
I'm just not gonna use it at all.
Just doesn't make sense. And in every channel, at least five
to 10% is ai,
but most channels I run are typically 50% or more at this point.
Now, real talk, I wanna read this
because I wrote it here for a reason.
If you're not willing to put in daily work, search
for niches for hours
and treat this like a real business,
this just is not for you.
Every shortcut in this course was earned
through trial and error.
Don't expect results if you're half asking it.
This is the truth. This is the end of module one.
So we're about to move on to module two.
If you need to rewatch this, rewatch this
or if this is your tech second time through, uh, thank you
for taking my advice on watching it twice.